====== Attendees ======


  * Graydon
  * Lars
  * Brendan
  * Francis
  * Dick
  * Jeff


====== Agenda ======

  * [Jeff] Wiki changes












====== Notes =====

  * Wiki changes
    * Dictionary: Too soon to discuss. Lars still working on this, prefers to continue discussion on wiki.
    * Program Units proposal: Jeff posted a proposal about restricting names. Brendan thinks restricting to identifiers may be too restrictive. 


  * Trac issues
    * Jeff: We're coming up on M0 milestone, so we should defer any open issues that won't be fixed to a later milestone.
    * Lars: RefImpl issues that I marked as M0 are ones that break the SM test suite.
    * Went through each of the M0 issues and assigned and/or deferred each issue.
    * [[http://bugs.ecmascript-lang.org/ticket/7|Issue #7: What is the type of C.prototype?]] generated the most discussion. Issue deemed important, but unresolved. Discussion will continue in the Trac database, using Trac's comment mechanism.