====== TG1 Phone Conference, 20 Nov 2007 ======

THIS MEETING WAS CANCELLED.

===== Attendees =====






===== Agenda =====

  * Adoption of the agenda
  * Approval of the [[meetings:minutes_nov_13_2007|13 November 2007 minutes]].
  * Reminder: Date and place of next meeting(s)
    * Next f2f is on 24-25 January 2008, in Mountain View (at Google)
  * Action items pending with deadlines and date of origin
    * BE/AWB: Position stmt [20 Nov 2007], Nov 13 2007
    * LH: Investigation into previous agreements on parameterized types [ASAP], Nov 13 2007, related to #247
    * BE/PP: Proper proposal for int.parse, uint.parse, and so on [ASAP], Nov 13 2007, related to #275
    * AWB: RI copyright [medio Dec 2007], Nov 13 2007
    * DC: Secure ES initiative [24 Jan 2008], Nov 13 2007
  * Open issues on which there is probably not much disagreement
    * [[http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/276|#276]]: Specific rules of ''this'' propagation [Nov 20]
    * [[http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/282|#282]]: Removing restrictions on "use" and "import" [Nov 20]
    * [[http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/283|#283]]: Removing aliasing "import" from the language [Nov 20]
  * Late additions containing clean proposals for resolution
    * [[http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/138|#138]]: Expression-scoped pragmas: propose to remove this language element [Nov 20]
    * [[http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/226|#226]]: The meaning of `eval` and the provision for a version parameter [Nov 20]
    * [[http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/271|#271]]: The meaning of a missing locator in a `unit` [Nov 20]
    * [[http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/305|#305]]: Magic negative string indexing: propose to reject this proposal [Nov 20]
  * Adjournment

===== Minutes =====
