<html>
<head>
  <meta name="generator" content="DokuWiki Release 2005-09-22e" />
  <link rel="start" href="index.html" />
  <link rel="contents" href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_jun_12_2007&amp;do=index.html" title="" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Recent Changes" href="feed.php" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Current Namespace" href="feed.php%3Fmode=list&amp;ns=meetings" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="text/html" title="Plain HTML" href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_jun_12_2007&amp;do=export_html.html" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="text/plain" title="Wiki Markup" href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_jun_12_2007&amp;do=export_raw" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" media="screen" type="text/css" href="lib/styles/style.css" />
  <meta name="robots" content="noindex,nofollow" />
  <script language="javascript" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8">
    var alertText   = 'Please enter the text you want to format.\nIt will be appended to the end of the document.'
    var notSavedYet = 'Unsaved changes will be lost.\nReally continue?'
    var DOKU_BASE   = '/'
  </script>
  <script language="javascript" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="lib/scripts/script.js"></script>
  <script language="javascript" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="lib/scripts/tw-sack.js"></script>
  <script language="javascript" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="lib/scripts/ajax.js"></script>
  <script language="javascript" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="lib/scripts/domLib.js"></script>
  <script language="javascript" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="lib/scripts/domTT.js"></script>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="lib/plugins/plugin/style.css" />
</head>
<body>

<a name="attendees"></a><h2>Attendees</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Francis Cheng, Adobe</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jeff Dyer, Adobe</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Brendan Eich, Mozilla</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Cormac Flanagan, UC Santa Cruz</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Lars T Hansen, Adobe</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Dave Herman, Northeastern</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Graydon Hoare, Mozilla</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Pratap Lakshman, Microsoft</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Chris Pine, Opera</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Dan Smith, Adobe</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [1-292] -->
<a name="agenda"></a><h2>Agenda</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Type system issues</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> RI status</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Trac issues</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> F2F next week</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [293-389] -->
<a name="discussion"></a><h2>Discussion</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
 Type system issues  
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Separating out the type checker from the verifier</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Agreement that this would be a good thing, will take up at the f2f if not sooner</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Array types</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Do we need a way to express tuples?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> No, but a length bound proposal is worth considering</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Action: put on agenda for the f2f</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Also: overflow handling alternatives (from es4-discuss)</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
RI Update 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> M0 milestone achieved last week. Announced on Lambda-the-ultimate.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Dave: had high quality discussion on lambda. Lots of questions about code coming in. There’s one Finnish programmer who is an SML expert who is reading through our code. We’re getting a lot of hits. About 2000 hits yesterday and about 40 downloads of the RI. Brendan also posted on Ajaxian and blogged about it.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Dave: We have buildbot halfway done, but I’m still manually packaging the build. The buildbot is good, but we have a license requirement, though, that buildbot can’t handle right now. Another issue is that it takes hours and hours to run the tests, so if there are a lot of check-ins, we’ll have a large backlog.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Dan: will MLton help with the testing?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Dave: Could make a huge difference, but we won’t know until we try it.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
Spec update 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The spec is getting pretty stale</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We need to update it, but how?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Francis leading way</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> at f2f we&rsquo;ll try to identify a &ldquo;spec interest group&rdquo;</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
F2F <a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_jun_21_2007.html" class="wikilink1" title="meetings:minutes_jun_21_2007" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()">meeting</a> 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Thursday noon - Friday 5pm</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Hosted dinner Thursday evening</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Add name to list of attendees if attending</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [390-] -->
<!-- cachefile /usr/local/www/es-lang.org/wiki/data/cache/2/2271a6f9dfc911f91f35bde4e00ce90e.xhtml used -->
</body>
</html>
