===== Attendees =====

  * Jeff
  * Lars
  * Graydon
  * Doug
  * Dan
  * Cormac
  * Dave
  * Francis
  * Chris
  * others? please add your name here



===== Agenda =====

  * Reference implementation status
    * Graydon working on profiling and refactoring for speed. Seeing a 3x speedup
    * Jeff seeing a crash in decimal; Graydon suggests rebuilding decimal.exe
    * [I forget whether you are using decNumber for this, but do let me know if any problems with it.  However there are no open issues on either of the last two releases.  Also FYI decNumber 3.40 was released last week.  --- //[[MFC@uk.ibm.com|Mike Cowlishaw]] 2007/04/24 09:34//] Problem fixed. It was a configuration issue.  --- //[[jodyer@adobe.com|Jeff Dyer]] 2007/04/26 17:50//
  * Bug tracking: Francis to investigate Trac
  * Primary goal for the group continues to be to get Spidermonkey ecma tests to pass