====== ES3.1-WG Phone Conference, 10 June 2008 ======
===== Dial-in =====
Time: 8:00 - 9:00 (PST): 

Tel: 866 500 6738 (US); 203 480 8000 (intâ€™l) 

Passcode: 885535 

===== Attendees =====
  * Adam Peller (IBM)
  * Sam Ruby (IBM)
  * Allen Wirfs-Brock (Microsoft)
  * Pratap Lakshman (Microsoft)

===== Agenda =====
  * Getters/Setters
  * On posting the next draft of the spec

===== Minutes =====
**Decimal**

First of the changes for introducing Decimal support ready (Sam) - would like to parallel the edits made for JSON - the draft posted on the wiki (uploaded on 29 May for the TC meeting) only mentions JSON as a new object but provides no further details - it was meant as a place holder then - updated draft with JSON details added will be uploaded soon by pratapL - we are trying to figure out a better notation to use for describing JSON - not sure if MarkM's notation will stick - Mark's notation uses indented sub-steps that are predicated by an earlier step - it avoids jump-over-jump and simplifies control-flow for long algorithms - we should try and stick with it - Doug can use the same notation for JSON too.

**Getters/Setters**

Internal functions we need to specify getters/setters are ready (and in the draft already) - need to do the syntactic sections that add them to object literals (Kris) - also need to flesh out the static methods on object (Allen) - lets try and get a first cut ready by same time next week.

**On posting the next draft of the spec**

Wiki does not allow to update a document in place - could end up populating with multiple large documents - that is Ok for now - update that ES3.1 wiki so that drafts can be tracked chronologically - are we maintaining the pages for the individual proposals still? - earlier, when we were at the stage of circulating per-proposal specs, the specs were uploaded under each proposals page on the ES3.1 wiki - now that we are at the stage of updating the entire spec and adding markups, it would be good to ensure that nothing gets left behind in the individual pages - is there a plan to review them against the Deviations doc? - yes; - redo the drafts page and call out the list of TBD items - when uploading the draft update the Algorithm Conventions section to explain the evolved notation.
pratapL to upload next revision by EOD and send out email, and ping Kris (for getters/setters), and Doug (to update JSON notation).

Meeting adjourned.