===== Attendees =====

  * Francis Cheng, Adobe
  * Jeff Dyer, Adobe
  * Brendan Eich, Mozilla
  * Cormac Flanagan, UC Santa Cruz
  * Lars T Hansen, Adobe
  * Dave Herman, Northeastern
  * Graydon Hoare, Mozilla
  * Pratap Lakshman, Microsoft
  * Chris Pine, Opera
  * Dan Smith, Adobe






===== Agenda =====

  * Type system issues
  * RI status
  * Trac issues
  * F2F next week






===== Discussion =====

Type system issues
 
  * Separating out the type checker from the verifier
    * Agreement that this would be a good thing, will take up at the f2f if not sooner
  * Array types
    * Do we need a way to express tuples?
    * No, but a length bound proposal is worth considering
    * Action: put on agenda for the f2f
    * Also: overflow handling alternatives (from es4-discuss)


RI Update

  * M0 milestone achieved last week. Announced on Lambda-the-ultimate.
  * Dave: had high quality discussion on lambda. Lots of questions about code coming in. There’s one Finnish programmer who is an SML expert who is reading through our code. We’re getting a lot of hits. About 2000 hits yesterday and about 40 downloads of the RI. Brendan also posted on Ajaxian and blogged about it.
  * Dave: We have buildbot halfway done, but I’m still manually packaging the build. The buildbot is good, but we have a license requirement, though, that buildbot can’t handle right now. Another issue is that it takes hours and hours to run the tests, so if there are a lot of check-ins, we’ll have a large backlog.
  * Dan: will MLton help with the testing?
  * Dave: Could make a huge difference, but we won’t know until we try it.


Spec update

  * The spec is getting pretty stale
  * We need to update it, but how?
  * Francis leading way
  * at f2f we'll try to identify a "spec interest group"


F2F [[meetings:minutes_jun_21_2007|meeting]]

  * Thursday noon - Friday 5pm
  * Hosted dinner Thursday evening
  * Add name to list of attendees if attending