<html>
<head>
  <meta name="generator" content="DokuWiki Release 2005-09-22e" />
  <link rel="start" href="index.html" />
  <link rel="contents" href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=index.html" title="" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Recent Changes" href="feed.php" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Current Namespace" href="feed.php%3Fmode=list&amp;ns=meetings" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="text/html" title="Plain HTML" href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=export_html.html" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="text/plain" title="Wiki Markup" href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=export_raw" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" media="screen" type="text/css" href="lib/styles/style.css" />
  <meta name="robots" content="noindex,nofollow" />
  <script language="javascript" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8">
    var alertText   = 'Please enter the text you want to format.\nIt will be appended to the end of the document.'
    var notSavedYet = 'Unsaved changes will be lost.\nReally continue?'
    var DOKU_BASE   = '/'
  </script>
  <script language="javascript" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="lib/scripts/script.js"></script>
  <script language="javascript" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="lib/scripts/tw-sack.js"></script>
  <script language="javascript" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="lib/scripts/ajax.js"></script>
  <script language="javascript" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="lib/scripts/domLib.js"></script>
  <script language="javascript" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="lib/scripts/domTT.js"></script>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="lib/plugins/plugin/style.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div class="toc">
<div class="tocheader"> <script type="text/javascript">showTocToggle("+","-")</script>Table of Contents</div>
<div id="tocinside">
<ul class="toc">
<li class="clear"><ul class="toc">
<li class="level2"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=export_html.html#logistics" class="toc">Logistics</a></span></li>
<li class="level2"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=export_html.html#attendees" class="toc">Attendees</a></span></li>
<li class="level2"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=export_html.html#agenda" class="toc">Agenda</a></span></li>
<li class="level2"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=export_html.html#minutes_-_27_september" class="toc">Minutes - 27 September</a></span><ul class="toc">
<li class="level3"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=export_html.html#wiki_issues" class="toc">Wiki issues</a></span></li>
<li class="level3"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=export_html.html#library_draft_spec" class="toc">Library draft spec</a></span></li>
<li class="level3"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=export_html.html#finalize_proposals" class="toc">Finalize proposals</a></span><ul class="toc">
<li class="level4"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=export_html.html#unresolved_proposals" class="toc">Unresolved proposals</a></span></li>
<li class="level4"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=export_html.html#proposal_walkthrough" class="toc">Proposal walkthrough</a></span></li>
<li class="level4"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=export_html.html#unresolved_proposalsthe_sequel" class="toc">Unresolved proposals: the sequel</a></span></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level2"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=export_html.html#minutes_-_28_september" class="toc">Minutes - 28 September</a></span><ul class="toc">
<li class="level3"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=export_html.html#finalize_proposals" class="toc">Finalize proposals</a></span><ul class="toc">
<li class="level4"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=export_html.html#proposal_walkthrough" class="toc">Proposal walkthrough</a></span></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level3"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=export_html.html#spec_discussion" class="toc">Spec discussion</a></span></li>
<li class="level3"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=export_html.html#finalize_proposals" class="toc">Finalize proposals</a></span><ul class="toc">
<li class="level4"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_sep_27_2007&amp;do=export_html.html#proposal_walkthrough" class="toc">Proposal walkthrough</a></span></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>

<a name="logistics"></a><h2>Logistics</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> September 27, 1200-1700 PDT, with dinner at 1830, at <a href="http://local.yahoo.com/details?id=21396991" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://local.yahoo.com/details?id=21396991" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">Sundance Mining Co.</a> (<a href="mailto:%26%23x6d%3B%26%23x61%3B%26%23x69%3B%26%23x6c%3B%26%23x74%3B%26%23x6f%3B%26%23x3a%3B%26%23x62%3B%26%23x72%3B%26%23x65%3B%26%23x6e%3B%26%23x64%3B%26%23x61%3B%26%23x6e%3B%26%23x40%3B%26%23x6d%3B%26%23x6f%3B%26%23x7a%3B%26%23x69%3B%26%23x6c%3B%26%23x6c%3B%26%23x61%3B%26%23x2e%3B%26%23x6f%3B%26%23x72%3B%26%23x67%3B" class="mail" title="&#x6d;&#x61;&#x69;&#x6c;&#x74;&#x6f;&#x3a;&#x62;&#x72;&#x65;&#x6e;&#x64;&#x61;&#x6e;&#x40;&#x6d;&#x6f;&#x7a;&#x69;&#x6c;&#x6c;&#x61;&#x2e;&#x6f;&#x72;&#x67;">regrets only</a>)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> September 28, 1000-1700 PDT</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mozilla building &ldquo;S&rdquo;</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> 2121 Landings Drive, Mountain View, CA 94043 (<a href="http://maps.google.com/maps?q=37.4206N+122.0894W+(Mozilla+Office,+Building+S)&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;z=17&amp;ll=37.4206,-122.089401&amp;spn=0.005172,0.009141&amp;t=h&amp;om=1&amp;iwloc=addr" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://maps.google.com/maps?q=37.4206N+122.0894W+(Mozilla+Office,+Building+S)&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;z=17&amp;ll=37.4206,-122.089401&amp;spn=0.005172,0.009141&amp;t=h&amp;om=1&amp;iwloc=addr" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">map link</a>)</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> <code>&lt;script&gt;</code> conference room</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [1-512] -->
<a name="attendees"></a><h2>Attendees</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Igor Bukanov, Mozilla</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Douglas Crockford, Yahoo! (Thursday only)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jeff Dyer, Adobe</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Brendan Eich, Mozilla</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Cormac Flanagan, UCSC (arriving ~1pm Thursday due to teaching)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Lars T Hansen, Adobe</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Waldemar Horwat, invited by Convenor</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Pratap Lakshman, Microsoft</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Chris Pine, Opera</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [513-878] -->
<a name="agenda"></a><h2>Agenda</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Finalize ES4 <a href="doku.php%3Fid=proposals:proposals.html" class="wikilink1" title="proposals:proposals" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()">proposals</a></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> We propose that the proposals pages (including discussion pages, clarification pages, etc) are frozen after this meeting, except that it is allowed to add references to Trac tickets at the top of the proposal pages.  All issues should be logged in Trac and cross-referenced.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Unresolved proposals.  Each one of these should have a smiley at the end of the meeting, or else be deferred until ES5.</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="doku.php%3Fid=proposals:maintenance_of_es3.html" class="wikilink1" title="proposals:maintenance_of_es3" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()">maintenance of es3</a>, a proposal to refocus TC39-TG1 on the Maintenance of the ECMAScript, 3rd Edition Specification</div>
<ul>
<li class="level5"><div class="li"> <a href="lib/exe/fetch.php%3Fid=resources%253Aresources&amp;cache=cache&amp;media=resources:jscriptdeviationsfromes3.pdf" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://wiki.ecmascript.org/lib/exe/fetch.php?id=resources%3Aresources&amp;cache=cache&amp;media=resources:jscriptdeviationsfromes3.pdf" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">JScript Deviations from ES3</a></div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="doku.php%3Fid=proposals:generic_functions.html" class="wikilink1" title="proposals:generic_functions" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()">generic functions</a>, a facility for multimethods with type dispatch</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="doku.php%3Fid=proposals:bound_this.html" class="wikilink1" title="proposals:bound_this" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()">bound this</a>, a proposal to allow this to be bound to methods on plain objects</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="doku.php%3Fid=proposals:self_type.html" class="wikilink1" title="proposals:self_type" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()">self type</a>, a proposal to allow the type Self (exact name TBD) in structural object types</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="doku.php%3Fid=proposals:oopkoolaid.html" class="wikilink1" title="proposals:oopkoolaid" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()">oopKoolAid</a>, an extension to <a href="doku.php%3Fid=proposals:dictionary.html" class="wikilink1" title="proposals:dictionary" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()">the Map proposal</a> for object-oriented protocols</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <code>like</code> types and the <code>wrap</code> operation. These ideas are described in <a href="doku.php%3Fid=clarification:runtime_types_and_conversions.html#solution_9write_barrier_with_deep_checking" class="wikilink1" title="clarification:runtime_types_and_conversions" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()">solution 9</a>. A core implementation is at <code>tests/micro/option9.es</code> (under monotone and <a href="http://www.soe.ucsc.edu/~cormac/option9.es" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.soe.ucsc.edu/~cormac/option9.es" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">here</a>) and the underlying ideas are formalized in <a href="http://www.soe.ucsc.edu/~cormac/papers/valleyscript.pdf" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://www.soe.ucsc.edu/~cormac/papers/valleyscript.pdf" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">The ValleyScript writeup</a>.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tickets categorized as &ldquo;proposals&rdquo;.  Two categories, substantive language issues and simple features. The following are the subtantive ones; each one should be moved to spec or refimpl by the end of the meeting, or otherwise resolved.  The feature proposals are flagged as &ldquo;minor&rdquo; in the Trac and do not have to be acted on now.</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/10" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/10" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#10: Where does C.prototype.constructor.name get set?</a>.  A proposal to have a &ldquo;name&rdquo; property on functions, probably should be rejected in favor of the meta-object proposal.</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/53" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/53" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#53: Should we clean up the grammar to make string and regexp literals more similar?</a>.</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/84" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/84" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#84: A standard &quot;length&quot; property on classes?</a>.</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/90" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/90" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#90</a>, <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/205" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/205" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#205</a>: A proposal to allow the use of <code>public</code>,<code>private</code>,<code>protected</code>, and <code>internal</code> to be used in constructing <code>Name</code> objects, and to be included in explicitly constructed namespace sets, which are then used in privacy-obeying iteration and in the reflection protocol.</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/103" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/103" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#103: RHS of 'is', 'to', and 'cast' as a general expression</a>.  Previously discussed and rejected but reopened after new use cases came to light.</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/121" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/121" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#121</a>, <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/127" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/127" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#127</a>, <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/162" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/162" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#162</a>: open type system issues that are probably resolved by the introduction of `like` and `wrap` </div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/163" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/163" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#163: drop 'default' from 'switch type'</a>.  A simplification.</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/165" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/165" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#165: Simple sugar for allocation of structurally typed record data</a>.  Previously discussed but no conclusion has been recorded.</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/166" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/166" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#166: Private constructors are useful, common, and need to be supported</a>.  A proposal to allow namespaces other than &ldquo;public&rdquo; on constructor functions to support common idioms like singleton objects and static factory functions.</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/167" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/167" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#167: When are redefinitions allowed?</a>.  A clarification issue on redefinitions of fixtures.</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/210" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/210" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#210: Allow interface methods to have other namespaces than &quot;public&quot;</a>.  A proposal to remove a future-proofing restriction inherited from AS3.</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/213" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/213" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#213: Update Unicode requires distinguishing between ECMAScript string data and encoded data</a>.</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/214" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/214" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#214: Catchall semantics</a>.</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/215" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/215" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#215: Minimum requirements for proper tail calls</a>.  Situations in which any conforming implementation must honor tail calls.</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/218" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/218" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#218: Union types should be unordered and should require an exact match</a></div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Proposal walkthrough.  The following are major issues that came up during a pre-meeting walkthrough.  We should probably go through all the proposals if we have time, but the following are highest priority.</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/211" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/211" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#211: Abandon ByteArray</a>.</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/212" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/212" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#212: Abandon JSON support</a>.</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> <a href="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/216" class="urlextern" target="_blank" title="http://bugs.ecmascript.org/ticket/216" onclick="return svchk()" onkeypress="return svchk()" rel="nofollow">#216: Abandon &quot;use numbertype&quot; except for &quot;decimal&quot;; adopt uint-specific arithmetic operators instead</a>.  A late proposal to remove some complexity.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Spec issues.</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Block access to the spec wiki because there&rsquo;s too little that&rsquo;s current?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Review of library draft spec</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> A rough draft of the library spec is available in spec/library.pdf in the monotone repository.  It is currently undergoing review by Brendan and will be subject to bugfixing over the next couple of weeks.  The plan is then to release it to the es4-discuss readership for preliminary review.  Your thoughts on this matter are solicited.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Schedule / how to do the spec</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Orientation by Convenor/Editor on the schedule for the spec work.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> How to write it?</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [879-6702] -->
<a name="minutes_-_27_september"></a><h2>Minutes - 27 September</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION [6703-6740] -->
<a name="wiki_issues"></a><h3>Wiki issues</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Wiki shutdown / move to Trac</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Proposal: wiki can link to trac, but no other edits</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: Wiki prone to data loss, most things should be small now.  Should be OK to block wiki edits.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: We&rsquo;ll compensate if wiki R/O turns out to be a problem, but ok rule of thumb</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: Work flow: we&rsquo;ll move to Trac/Spec/RI; these have equal weight if they differ; once we go to ECMA TC39 the spec becomes normative by itself</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; We do this: the wiki is R/O except for new links into the Trac.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Block non-member access to the wiki</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: We should close just the &ldquo;spec:&rdquo; namespace, the &ldquo;proposals:&rdquo; and &ldquo;clarification:&rdquo; should stay open</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: Dave will change permissions</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; lth will email dherman</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [6741-7489] -->
<a name="library_draft_spec"></a><h3>Library draft spec</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> LH: there&rsquo;s a draft, please review (esp on the formalism used, but on whatever you like) and comment to me, it will go to the mailing list eventually</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> JD: will it replace the proposals?</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> LH: only after it&rsquo;s been reviewed against them and against various other documents (like ES3)</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [7490-7811] -->
<a name="finalize_proposals"></a><h3>Finalize proposals</h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>
<!-- SECTION [7812-7841] -->
<a name="unresolved_proposals"></a><h4>Unresolved proposals</h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Maintenance of ES3 (also see a separate section further down, from the late afternoon session)</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: What do we do with the JScript delta document?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PL: Things in the doc: where JScript deviates, where the ES3 spec is unclear, and de-facto agreements amongst implementations. If the browsers are in de-facto agreement in the latter category we should consider these areas for bugfixes, and in any case it would be useful to tighten up the language where there&rsquo;s a lot of leeway.  This benefits interoperability.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DC: Pratap&rsquo;s document has a major role in informing the ES3.1 work.  The 3.1 proposal is not yet ready for release, however.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: Some of these things are good to codify, some (maybe more) are not.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DC: In particular the implementation&rsquo;s ability to add arbitrary properties to any user object is a problem.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: Adding R/O properties in the prototype is also a problem because of [[CanPut]], and globals can be problematic.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: Maybe good to file specific requests for tightening as tickets in Trac?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: It&rsquo;s time to decide whether 3.1 will happen under the auspices of TG1 or not.  We have 4.0 already mapped out in terms of features and timeline, and TC39 is aware of that.  We are the ones who get to decide what to do.  If we don&rsquo;t agree we may need a new activity in TC39.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: It is not clear what the purpose of 3.1 is</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DC: We&rsquo;re including errata and tightening things, and deprecating some things.  We&rsquo;ll propose it as the new 4.0.  We&rsquo;ll be done in the next couple of months.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: If we had a vote now then 3.1 would not survive, so it would be better if we could agree on how to handle this.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: It&rsquo;s disconcerting that no draft of 3.1 has been forthcoming, we can&rsquo;t schedule or decide based on nothing.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DC: You&rsquo;ve seen everything we have to date.  Now we have to write the spec.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PL: Most pieces for the spec are available now, ES3 spec, errata, this deviations document.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PL: Our spec is an edit of the ES3 source document itself</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PL: We&rsquo;d love to have similar documentation related to spec conformance from other vendors.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: We don&rsquo;t have the time to document what we&rsquo;ve done so as to achieve interoperation for the benefits of better market share, this is extremely time consuming work.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: <acronym title="JavaScript">JS</acronym> has better interop than <acronym title="Document Object Model">DOM</acronym> and <acronym title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</acronym></div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DC: I agree, <acronym title="JavaScript">JS</acronym> may be top dog in the world on that count</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: One thing that might be useful to adopt is the string.prototype.eval method, but we&rsquo;re trying to close proposals now.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: How useful is it to go along for another year and then have two competing specs?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DC: Depends on how willing you are to drop stuff from your spec that we don&rsquo;t need</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: This does not seem like a productive dicussion, we&rsquo;ve been here before</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: Another thing to fix (adopt from 3.1) is automatic semicolon insertion following &ldquo;return&rdquo;, this is a language bug, all sorts of code wants to put the return value on the next line.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: I&rsquo;ve been talking to ECMA about possibilities for including errata into ES3, maybe that&rsquo;s the way to go</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: Or an ECMA technical report consisting of the errata or the edited document</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: Pratap&rsquo;s document with very little changes could go as a TR</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: A TR without trying to make a new edition would be good. It&rsquo;s in everyone&rsquo;s interest not to go to war or to (ab)use the standards process to force a decision in the market. It would be better to do something lightweight like a TR to revise 3rd Ed, as long as it does not compete with ES4, but ES4 will go forward.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: The current makeup of the group will likely endorse the ES4 work, so you must be aware of that, but nothing stops people from working on 3.1.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: Have you had success in enlisting other organizations in participating in the 3.1 work?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PL: Not yet.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: That probably reflects the realities of the marketplace, and groups joining TG1 now must first prove their worth in the peer group before being able to pull any weight.  It&rsquo;s unlikely that TC39 will be very happy about having two groups working on the same subject matter.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: The eval method on string needs to be presented as a proposal, probably.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: What do we do about the proposal &ldquo;Maintenance of ES3&rdquo;?</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> BE: Maybe if we could agree that conditional on agreement from ECMA about allowing something like a TR or a spec called &ldquo;3.1&rdquo;, and provided 3.1 is not in conflict with ES4, then TG1 could endorse the work and the 3.1 work could go on within TG1.</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> JD: Well it has to be a TR or an errata sheet</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> BE: Or something new, but not something bound for <acronym title="International Organization for Standardization">ISO</acronym></div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> JD: We need to either smiley-face it or axe it.  We&rsquo;ll do it this pm.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; continues below, late afternoon same day</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> &ldquo;bound this&rdquo;</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: I now understand what it does.  How useful is it &ndash; very or just a little?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: Good question.  People reinvent this as a &ldquo;bind&rdquo; operator all the time.  The pattern is common.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> CF: It&rsquo;s good for the type system too.  And it&rsquo;s simpler than &ldquo;self type&rdquo;</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: Three objections: it&rsquo;s ugly, it&rsquo;s contextual (you can&rsquo;t talk about what you&rsquo;re binding), and you can&rsquo;t bind something arbitrary, only the current value of &ldquo;this&rdquo; (or &ldquo;this-for-binding-bound-this&rdquo; in constructors).</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> ... discussion ...</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: I move we defer, &ldquo;bind&rdquo; solves enough of the problem</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: It&rsquo;s future-proof</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: Resolved.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> CF: We should defer &ldquo;self type too&rdquo;.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; both proposals deferred</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
 (Coffee break.) 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> oopKoolAid</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: I&rsquo;m not defending it</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: I think we&rsquo;re done with it</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> GH: I don&rsquo;t personally care</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; proposal deferred</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Multimethods</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> (long discussion)</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: Strongly in favor</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: Ditto</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: Fine with me.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; proposal accepted</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> &ldquo;like&rdquo; and &ldquo;wrap&rdquo;</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: What are the open issues?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> CF: Some small things to resolve around when we check types and when we check values, for &ldquo;like&rdquo;.  &ldquo;wrap&rdquo; is really best thought of as an operation <code>(x wrap T)</code> with some sugar, eg as annotations.  </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: A wrapper is still a suite of getters and setters?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: Yes</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: Custom extensions as meta static functions?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: Or as generic global functions?  If wrap is an operator then why should there not just be a global generic function to hang custom conversions onto?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: I&rsquo;m already on the record for not liking the prefix syntax.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> CF: &ldquo;like&rdquo; is a type constructor.  And <code>like</code> can therefore be used in type definitions, and can be abstracted.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> CF: the type system is a little wacky, with &ldquo;like&rdquo; type making strange, weak guarantees that can&rsquo;t be used directly by optimization, it&rsquo;s like the optimizer has a different type system</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: &ldquo;like&rdquo; is not premature optimization, it occupies a nice middle ground between static and dynamic typing, and it&rsquo;s a pleasant way of programming</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> GH: I can&rsquo;t deal with the syntax either...  I also don&rsquo;t think it&rsquo;ll be used enough.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> (long discussion about whether like/wrap make sense, and whether &ldquo;:&rdquo; should mean &ldquo;wrap&rdquo;)</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: I&rsquo;m in favor (Solution 9 elaborated).  Let&rsquo;s implement.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: Totally.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> CF: For sure.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; proposal accepted</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
 (Another coffee break!)
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [7842-15123] -->
<a name="proposal_walkthrough"></a><h4>Proposal walkthrough</h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #211: Remove <code>ByteArray</code>, add <code>byte</code></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> We agree <code>byte</code> is needed for usability, otherwise a thousand wrapper classes will proliferate</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> It needs to be unsigned</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> It shouldn&rsquo;t be called <code>ubyte</code>!</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; reject <code>ByteArray</code></div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; adopt <code>byte</code> as new unsigned number type</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #212: Remove JSON</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: JSON does not seem quite done yet</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: Various implementations differ substantially in how they do filtering</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: What about ES4-style names (eg) that won&rsquo;t be serialized</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DC: JSON wants to stay independent</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: What about a simple model that throws an exception if it finds something it can&rsquo;t encode?  No filtering.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: Skipping stuff it can&rsquo;t encode is a little worrisome.  It&rsquo;s too much like silently not updating a read-only value.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: Without filtering you don&rsquo;t have anything</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DC: The code on json.org has a whitelist on encoding.  If something on the whitelist is not encodable it&rsquo;s silently dropped.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: Could we throw when something can&rsquo;t be encoded?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DC: It&rsquo;s possible, though often it&rsquo;s not what you want.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: Postel&rsquo;s law suggests throwing exceptions...</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: It seems to be a problem that a decision of whether to encode something is made in the container, not by the object itself (which would know how to encode itself in typical OO style, or tell the client that it can&rsquo;t be encoded).  One possibility is to throw an exception from the encoder when a value can&rsquo;t be encoded (a la StopIteration), or return eg undefined (not a string).</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: How do we get a solid spec?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: I&rsquo;ll do a draft spec, and communicate with Doug, and then we&rsquo;ll circulate it</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; unresolved until more work has been done</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #216: Abandon &ldquo;use numbertype&rdquo; except for &ldquo;use decimal&rdquo;; adopt uint operators</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: We don&rsquo;t really want these ugly operators...</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: But you wanted decimal so we could use operators...</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: I hate function call syntax here</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> GH: And ++ is so common it should be supported, it&rsquo;s super ugly otherwise</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> WH: some of the overflow checks can be optimized, but not all</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> One resolution: we agree the pragmas are hard to control, so &ldquo;use uint&rdquo; etc should go</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: note I&rsquo;m proposing that you can&rsquo;t put &ldquo;use decimal&rdquo; whereever you want, only at the &ldquo;beginning of the program&rdquo;</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> GH: There is no sensible &ldquo;beginning of program&rdquo;, so restricting pragmas to that location does not make sense</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> (long discussion that lth needs to summarize, no real conclusions)</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: Maybe get Mike C on the horn tomorrow?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; unresolved; start over tomorrow</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [15124-17752] -->
<a name="unresolved_proposalsthe_sequel"></a><h4>Unresolved proposals: the sequel</h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Maintenance of ES3 again, with WH present</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: Hard to see how the proposal fits in with the ES4 work</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: Default is to defer the proposal</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: Or give it some other, new form of status: &ldquo;Related work&rdquo;, on the main page; work under the auspices of TG1 for the time being</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: A critical issue is whether 3.1 will be compatible with ES4; </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> DC: We think special status [as &ldquo;Related work&rdquo; of ES4] for now is fine.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> PL: We do not support or agree to the current ES4 proposal, either in whole or in part. We intend to continue to work with interested TG members to develop a proposal for a more incremental revision of the current specification.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; The maintenance work moved to top-level node &ldquo;es3update&rdquo; under auspices of TG1 for the moment, this is no longer an open proposal, the work on ES4 continues.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [17753-18639] -->
<a name="minutes_-_28_september"></a><h2>Minutes - 28 September</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION [18640-18675] -->
<a name="finalize_proposals"></a><h3>Finalize proposals</h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>
<!-- SECTION [18676-18705] -->
<a name="proposal_walkthrough"></a><h4>Proposal walkthrough</h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #216: &ldquo;use decimal&rdquo; etc</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: I propose I take this back to the lab and think about it and circulate some email, and we can get back to it later</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; We do this</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #10: C.prototype.constructor.name</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: Nothing like this in ES3, the meta-objects system takes care of it</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: WONTFIX</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; Make it so</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #53: Unify escape characters in regexes and strings</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Breaks backward compatibility</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: Not very important</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: WONTFIX?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; Make it so</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #84: Automagically add &ldquo;length&rdquo; as static field?</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: People doing meta-programming will be surprised when they fall off the builtins cliff.  And it simplifies the language (even if it is brain damage).</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Straw vote: 3 for special case, 4 for general functionality.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: I&rsquo;d be happier just dropping it, but barring that I&rsquo;d like to be consistent in the builtins, at least.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> WH: What if we add length if the class object is callable?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; Make it so</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #90, #205: namespaces</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> #90: General consensus is that one should be able to write just <code>new Name(private, &ldquo;foo&rdquo;)</code> for example, and not have to use <code>namespace private</code> to reference that namespace as a value.  This has backward compatibility issues for <code>internal</code>, but c&rsquo;est la guerre.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; Make it so</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> #205: Are namespaces for security/integrity, or are they just an organizational mechanism?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: If they&rsquo;re not, then they don&rsquo;t pay for themselves</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> WH: Tend to agree</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> GH: But even as organizational mechanism it has value</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> WH: What if you can&rsquo;t extract a namespace from a Name, only ask if it has a particular namespace?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> ... presentation of NamespaceSet, NamespaceSetList, &ldquo;namespaces&rdquo;, ...</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: I suggest we implement it, spec it, and let the world try to rip it apart</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; Make it so</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
 (Coffee break.) 
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #103: rhs of &lsquo;is&rsquo;, &lsquo;cast&rsquo;, &lsquo;wrap&rsquo;</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: intro</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: only hardship is having to write &ldquo;type&rdquo; in front of structural type expressions</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> ... long discussion, WH thinks it&rsquo;s bad to overconstrain the operator and that it would be better for future-proofing to escape to the value language ...</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: It&rsquo;s possible to use the meta-objects system to accomplish this.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; Make it so &ndash; no change to the spec.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #163: drop default from &ldquo;switch type&rdquo;</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: default is weird because it has no binding</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: switch type is different in other ways too</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: can I leave out the &ldquo;:*&rdquo;?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: why not?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; make it so</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #121, #127, #162</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> #162 &rArr; is redundant/fixed now</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> #127 &rArr; <code>*</code> is not the same as (undefined,null,Object!), because for compatibility we need to distinguish them.  Thus <code>*</code> is the natural top type.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> #121 &rArr; is redundant/fixed now</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #165: sugar for allocating records</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: I don&rsquo;t much care for the positional parameters</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: We want positional parameters!</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> WH: So now the order becomes significant...  not very future-proof.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: It already is (for-in, notably), alas.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> CF: But if we upgrade a type to a class this is very pretty.  Unlike t-at-the-end.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> CF: But it has no data hiding.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: It&rsquo;s not opaque like constructors are</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: What about <code>new RGB({r: 10, g: 20, b: 30})</code>?</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: Yuck!</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: Provided too many or too few arguments is a run-time error, I&rsquo;m fine with it.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> LH: And strict mode must catch the error if there are argument mismatches, or type mismatches</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; Make it so.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #166: need to make constructors private/namespaced</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; It&rsquo;s fine to make the constructor private/protected/internal</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; Rules for accessibility are subtle, see the ticket</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #210: non-public interface methods</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> WH: Interfaces - Eewh!</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> JD: AS3 interfaces were as simple as possible</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> No problem with this proposal, really (except AS3 compatibility)</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; Make it so</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
 (Late lunch.)
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [18706-22590] -->
<a name="spec_discussion"></a><h3>Spec discussion</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We agreed on a tentative schedule, see wiki</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We discussed the structure of the language spec, a doc is forthcoming from Lars</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The goal is to nail down the structure and some ground rules and then parallelize as much as possible</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [22591-22856] -->
<a name="finalize_proposals"></a><h3>Finalize proposals</h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>
<!-- SECTION [22857-22886] -->
<a name="proposal_walkthrough"></a><h4>Proposal walkthrough</h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #167: Redefinitions</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Lots of discussion</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> No resolution yet</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #213: Unicode </div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> See notes in the ticket</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; Must be resolved by next meeting</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #218: Union types</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> GH: The types T and (T) are the same thing</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> WH: What about converting to eg &ldquo;String&rdquo;, which is really (String!,null)</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> GH: Probably need some specificity ordering of conversions if we want conversions to work</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> BE: How about we handle (T!,null) as special cases for the builtin types int, uint, double, decimal, byte, Number, boolean, Boolean, String, string?.  A different way of phrasing is it that if you have a union of C with null then try to convert to C.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; General agreement</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #215: Tail calls</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; We believe it</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> #214: Catchalls</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> &rArr; We need to reflect on this a little longer</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [22887-] -->
<!-- cachefile /usr/local/www/es-lang.org/wiki/data/cache/4/4b3389dd0f07b6408054808fb3c73e1b.xhtml used -->
</body>
</html>
