====== 17 May 2006 ======

Note new meeting day of week for phone conferences.

Meeting time 10am PDT.

===== Attending =====

On phone:

  * Francis Cheng, Adobe
  * Jeff Dyer, Adobe
  * Gary Grossman, Adobe
  * Pratap Lakshman, Microsoft
  * Graydon Hoare, Mozilla

===== Agenda =====

  * Revising proposals
  * Spec bug reporting
  * [[clarification:package semantics]]


===== Discussion =====

**Revising proposal**

Graydon volunteered to revise the stable proposals. We will make sure there is a clear description of our agreement at the top and leave the full text of the discussion/rationale at the bottom. Proposals that are not well understood run the risk of being deferred. We have a self imposed deadline of clarifying all proposals by the end of the f2f next week.

**Spec bug reporting**

Francis has put in place a system for tracking spec bugs. As we note bugs in the spec using a **Bug** tag, he will number them and enter them into the [[bugs::bugs]] page. We will then track them as Open, Fixed and eventually Retired bugs.

**Package semantics**

Pratap asks whether packages introduce scopes. The answer is no, but with multiple compilation and app domains it is possible to have names in the current compilation unit shadow those in another. The semantics of [[clarification:multiple compilation units]] is tbd.

**Next meeting**

We meet at Mozilla in Mountain View next week Thursday and Friday. Start is at noon Thursday.