====== Attendees ======

  * Lars
  * Graydon
  * Jeff
  * Francis
  * Chris
  * Doug
  * Cormac
  * Dick



====== Notes ======

  * Lars brought up for-in loops. It was decided that this would be a good topic for the f2f.
  * Graydon gave update about his progress. 
  * Cormac has made some progress on the type checker. He has some questions on the AST.
    * functions and function applications are beginning to work.
    * holding off on objects and namespaces until the f2f, the extra expertise will be helpful.
    * Jeff: did Graydon's changes to the definition phase affect you?
    * Graydon offered to pass in information collected during the definition phase to the type checker. Cormac thinks that this could be helpful.
    * Jeff: so it sounds like one of the goals of the f2f will be integration.