====== ES3.1-WG Phone Conference, 04 Dec 2008 ======
===== Dial-in =====
Time: 8:00 - 9:00 (PST):

Tel: 866 500 6738 (US); 203 480 8000 (intâ€™l)

Passcode: 885535

===== Attendees =====
  * Doug Crockford (Yahoo!)
  * Allen Wirfs-Brock (Microsoft)
  * Pratap Lakshman (Microsoft)

===== Agenda =====
  * triage trac tickets 410 through 430; currently these are not assigned to owners

===== Minutes =====
410 - need para that takes us from 1999 to 2009 - the ISO version of the spec does not need it though - it is not normative anyway - lets leave this bug active for now.

411 - potential implications for implementations that we have not yet discussed in the committee - new spec is supposed to replace the old spec - cannot issue a new std with a normative reference to an obsolete standard - that is an ISO rule - assign to Waldemar with a comment to review the implications of this.

412 - not sure what to do with it? Cannot change the meaning of \s; it should continue to be a character class - do we want it to recognise <PS> and <LS>? - we agreed that it should recognize the same set that the compiler recognises - but that can impact existing code - assign to Doug

413 - if anybody has a program using "let" as a variable then it would fail. therefore we should not list them as future reserved words - leave it in as an informative note - assign to pratapL

414 - change the spec to match defacto behaviour - people are likely to depend on this rather than the correct interpretation by Opera - too dangerous to change implementations now - assign to Doug

415 - assign to pratapL

416 - ES3 original usage of Internal function only occured within RegExps where they are describing something that is neither an abstract operation nor a function - assign to Allen

417 - assign to Allen

418 - about consistency within the specification regarding the description of embedded grammars - can an informational RFC be used as a reference? Put the JSON grammar in Section 5.1 - assign to Doug

419 - assign to Doug

420, 421, 422, 423 - assign to Allen

424 - change to %%[[ThrowingPut%%]] instead - that was the name we used earlier and makes more sense the %%[[FalliblePut%%]] - assign to Allen

425 - assign to Allen

426 - ReservedWord production and Identifier production must now be part of the syntactic grammar and need to be moved to section 11.1 - instead, we can just retain only IdentifierName - assign to pratapL

427 - it should be null - assign to Allen

428 - assign to Doug

429 - assign to Allen

430 - Won't fix

Meeting adjourned.