===== Attendees =====

  * Doug Crockford
  * Dan Smith
  * Michael O'Brien
  * Cormac Flanagan
  * Graydon Hoare
  * Steven Johnson
  * Francis Cheng
  * Edwin Smith
  * Jeff Dyer
  * Brendan Eich

===== Agenda =====

  * Unicode in RegExps 
  * Notation
  * Spec writing process
  * Strawman Schedule
  * Recent changes

===== Discussion =====

Unicode in RegExps

  * Lars: concern that we won't be able to get to the 8K table size suggested by Unicode
  * Lars/Steven: discuss various Unicode implementation issues, see [[discussion:extend_regexps]]

Notation

  * Lose @N in favor of explicitly named bindings
  * Need to get the primitives right, concern over proper tail calls
  * Lars: looks like a Normal Form
  * Brendan: asks for a link to a example Normal Form

Spec writing process

  * Francis: wrote perl script to translate wiki html
  * This worked out well, so the translation to .doc and .pdf can be done often (maybe weekly)
  * Francis to add a link to the resulting .pdf to the spec page

Schedule

  * Dan: posted tentative schedule [[spec:spec]], walked us through it
  * Key is getting the initial writing tasks properly load balanced and completed by the end of the year
  * Brendan reiterates that public review and implementation are important validators; we should not neglect either
  * Agreed to December F2F hosted by Adobe in San Jose
  
Recent changes

  * Steven asks, and Lars answers, about the syntax of type annotations on destructuring assignments. See [[discussion:destructuring_assignment]]

