===== Attendees =====

  * Jeff Dyer, Adobe Systems
  * Doug
  * Lars
  * Dick
  * Graydon
  * Dave
  * Cormac
  * Pratap
  

===== Agenda =====

  * Status of the wiki update
  * Status of the reference implementation
  * System for tracking progress (see [[http://www.compilercompany.com/es4/worklist.pdf|worklist]] for example)




===== Discussion =====

  * Wiki will be captured at noon today for export
  * ISSUE: Is A? the same as (A!,null)? We'd like them to be the same, but are not sure if they are
  * Refimpl
    * numbers
    * classes with prototype
    * native methods are partially implemented, instance methods need work
    * unicode is to be implemented
  * Implementation of type checks. We need to pin down how type checks should be implemented in the refimpl. To be discussed at the f2f next week
  * We need a way to track progress and bugs
    * Jeff proposes a spreadsheet format for tracking work items
    * Graydon proposes using Bugzilla for bugs
    * The wiki could also be used for both, either or none
    * We will discuss at the f2f next week
