====== November 1st meeting ======

===== Attendees =====

Various

===== Agenda =====

  * Reference implementation
  * Wiki export
  * Grammar notation
  * Browser security summit

===== Discussion =====

  * Reference implementation
    * We are off to a slow start writing ML code
    * Need to learn more about using the language to become productive
    * Use ML experts (Graydon, Dave, and Cormac) when stuck
    * Current ownership (Jeff - parser, Dave/Cormac - typechecker, Lars - evaluator, Graydon - all)
    * We would like for the typechecker and evaluator to use the same patterns where it makes sense
    * We would like to have a basic interpreter running by this time next week
  * After fixing some of the notation pages, we will re-export the wiki (later today)
  * Pratap asks, will there be a normative grammar other than the ML based parser? 
    * Answer, yes
    * See current [[proposals:normative grammar]]
    * Pratap is interested in a EBNF notation and volunteered to investigate rewritting the current grammar as EBNF
  * Yahoo! (Doug) would be please to host a security summit colocated with the W3C .. and the next f2f ECMAScript meetings
    * Doug needs to confirm required attendees from each browser vendor
    * TG1 participants are also invited, but not required, to attend
    * Tentative date is Wednesday November 15th