====== 14 April 2006 ======

Meeting time 10:00am PDT.

===== Attending =====

  * Jeff Dyer, Adobe
  * Francis Cheng, Adobe
  * Graydon Hoare, Mozilla
  * Lars Thomas Hansen, Opera

===== Agenda =====

  * Switch class
  * Tail recursion
  * Report from Geneva meeting
  * Sundry



===== Discussion =====

==== Switch class ====

  * Graydon went over latest incarnation of [[proposals:switch class]], a simple sum type based on the interface machinery.  Graydon and Lars agree on most things.
  * Jeff: Do classes have to declare that they are part of a switch-interface?
  * Lars: That would defeat the purpose of the proposal in some sense, so that should not be required (nor legal)

==== Decimals ====

  * Graydon updated proposals with separate pragma for rounding modes

==== Pragmas ====

  * Jeff: can we do comma-separated list of pragmas, rather than separate statements?
  * Jeff: parens required in pragma breaks current model for "use namespace", we could make them optional both ways?

==== Tail calls ====

  * Lars: Dave and I have proposal that looks like it hangs together, not totally debugged but intuitive

==== Destructuring assignment, block expression ====

  * Lars: changes to these proposals are just clarifications for bugs I found while implementing

==== Report from TC meeting in Geneva (Jeff) ====

  * Schedule "approved" (doesn't need approval but they approve anyway)
  * ECMA thinks wiki sounds like neat technology
  * ECMA somewhat interested in a public draft but a little nervous, new ground for them

==== Extracting spec from Wiki ====

  * ECMA needs MS Word format document, maybe use XML->RTF or other function of Word to get it into Word, Francis will play around with things a little bit.

----

Meeting adjourned 10:30 PDT.
