<html>
<head>
  <meta name="generator" content="DokuWiki Release 2005-09-22e" />
  <link rel="start" href="index.html" />
  <link rel="contents" href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_feb_05_2009&amp;do=index.html" title="" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Recent Changes" href="feed.php" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Current Namespace" href="feed.php%3Fmode=list&amp;ns=meetings" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="text/html" title="Plain HTML" href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_feb_05_2009&amp;do=export_html.html" />
  <link rel="alternate" type="text/plain" title="Wiki Markup" href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_feb_05_2009&amp;do=export_raw" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" media="screen" type="text/css" href="lib/styles/style.css" />
  <meta name="robots" content="noindex,nofollow" />
  <script language="javascript" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8">
    var alertText   = 'Please enter the text you want to format.\nIt will be appended to the end of the document.'
    var notSavedYet = 'Unsaved changes will be lost.\nReally continue?'
    var DOKU_BASE   = '/'
  </script>
  <script language="javascript" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="lib/scripts/script.js"></script>
  <script language="javascript" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="lib/scripts/tw-sack.js"></script>
  <script language="javascript" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="lib/scripts/ajax.js"></script>
  <script language="javascript" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="lib/scripts/domLib.js"></script>
  <script language="javascript" type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src="lib/scripts/domTT.js"></script>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="lib/plugins/plugin/style.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div class="toc">
<div class="tocheader"> <script type="text/javascript">showTocToggle("+","-")</script>Table of Contents</div>
<div id="tocinside">
<ul class="toc">
<li class="level1"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_feb_05_2009&amp;do=export_html.html#es3.1-wg_phone_conference_05_feb_2009" class="toc">ES3.1-WG Phone Conference, 05 Feb 2009</a></span><ul class="toc">
<li class="level2"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_feb_05_2009&amp;do=export_html.html#dial-in" class="toc">Dial-in</a></span></li>
<li class="level2"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_feb_05_2009&amp;do=export_html.html#attendees" class="toc">Attendees</a></span></li>
<li class="level2"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_feb_05_2009&amp;do=export_html.html#agenda" class="toc">Agenda</a></span></li>
<li class="level2"><span class="li"><a href="doku.php%3Fid=meetings:minutes_feb_05_2009&amp;do=export_html.html#minutes" class="toc">Minutes</a></span></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>

<a name="es3.1-wg_phone_conference_05_feb_2009"></a><h1>ES3.1-WG Phone Conference, 05 Feb 2009</h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- SECTION [1-53] -->
<a name="dial-in"></a><h2>Dial-in</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Time: 8:00 - 9:00 (PST):
</p>

<p>
Tel: 866 500 6738 (US); 203 480 8000 (int’l)
</p>

<p>
Passcode: 885535
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [54-165] -->
<a name="attendees"></a><h2>Attendees</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Doug Crockford (Yahoo!)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mark Miller (Google)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Allen Wirfs-Brock (Microsoft)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Pratap Lakshman (Microsoft)</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [166-307] -->
<a name="agenda"></a><h2>Agenda</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Not circulated ahead of time.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [308-361] -->
<a name="minutes"></a><h2>Minutes</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Doug to look at Waldemar’s notes about RegExp lookaheads be assertions instead of atoms, and see what changes are required to the ES3.1 specification.
</p>

<p>
Any update on telnet access - no, none yet; we are still discussing this internally.
</p>

<p>
Should we open trac tickets for each of the issues discussed at the MTV F2F meeting? - many of them already have trac tickets - do whatever is easiest from the perspective of making the spec edits - as long as we can reconcile all the discussions into the spec we should be OK
</p>

<p>
Frequency of these phone meetings can be reduced - lets meets next Thurs - and then, we can meet on demand.
</p>

<p>
Next spec update to the wiki expected this Monday.
</p>

<p>
Brief discussion capability security, stack walk based security, and fault tolerant computing with some references to work by Martin Rinard of <acronym title="Massachusetts Institute of Technology">MIT</acronym>.
</p>

<p>
Meeting adjourned. 
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION [362-] -->
<!-- cachefile /usr/local/www/es-lang.org/wiki/data/cache/1/1973dfebabfe6c364465536b604862fe.xhtml used -->
</body>
</html>
